Update / create keyboard support topics (#2002)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DropDownButton/90 Keyboard Support.md

An end user can use the following keys to interact with the UI component.

<table class="dx-table">
    <tr>
        <th>Key</th>
        <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>&larr;</td>

>         <td>Moves focus to the action button when split button is enabled.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Moves focus to the action button when <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDropDownButton/Configuration/#splitButton">splitButton</a> is enabled.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>&rarr;</td>

>         <td>Moves focus to the toggle button when split button is enabled.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Moves focus to the toggle button when <b>splitButton</b> is enabled.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">Enter / Space</td>

>         <td>Opens the popup when the toggle button is focused.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Opens the drop-down menu when the toggle button is focused.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Simulates a click action when the action button is focused.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>

>         <td>Selects list item when focused.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Selects a menu item when focused.</td>
```

>         <td>Selects a menu item when focused.</td>

Reviewer 2: `when focused` : is it clear what is focused?

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>&uarr; / &darr;</td>

>         <td>Moves focus to the previous/following item.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Moves focus to the previous/following menu item.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>&darr;</td>

>         <td>Opens the dropdown menu.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Opens the drop-down menu.</td>
```

>         <td>Moves focus to the previous/following menu item.</td>

Reviewer 2: when popup is opened

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Esc</td>

>         <td>Closes the dropdown menu.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Closes the drop-down menu.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Page Up / Page Down</td>

>         <td>Moves focus to the first/last item of the list page.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Moves focus to the first/last menu item on the page.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Home / End</td>

>         <td>Moves focus to the first/last list item.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Moves focus to the first/last menu item.</td>
```

>         <td>Moves focus to the first/last menu item on the page.</td>

Reviewer 2: when popup is opened

>         <td>Moves focus to the first/last menu item.</td>

Reviewer 2: when popup is opened
